AUTHENTIC TAIWANESE EXQUISITE DESSERTS

Sister and Brother Fu grew up in a family that began farming for generations in the Feng Yuan District of Taichung, Taiwan. They crafted soft taro balls and delicate herbal jelly desserts using selected ingredients while following traditional processes. They adhere strongly to serving customers the best-tasting desserts and believe sincerity to be the key to customer satisfaction.

LOCAL DESSERTS GARNERING INTERNATIONAL FAME

Meet Fresh was established in 2007 and has been offering the freshest desserts to customers ever since. Utilizing traditional Taiwanese methods and selection of the finest ingredients, we aim to bring authentic local tastes to the international stage.

Meet Fresh prioritizes serving healthy desserts without preservatives made fresh; daily. Meet Fresh strives to give customers delicious treats filled with traditional and authentic tastes.

Insist on using only the high-quality ingredients
Insist on tradition flavor
Insist on food hygiene & safety
Insist on cooking, preparing and selling desserts to customers daily

Taiwanese desserts impressing the hearts of everyone worldwide.

Meet Fresh combines traditional and modern tastes to create the best desserts including tasty taro balls, refreshing herbal jelly, smooth tofu pudding, and many others. With sincerity, we aim to bring our craft and local tastes to share with the world.

FULL MASTERY OF RAW FOOD MATERIALS QUALITY

Meet Fresh invested NT $600 million in constructing its global headquarters and its central kitchen to manufacture core ingredients to supply to stores around the world. Since 2013, the first QS-qualified central kitchen was established in Taicang, Mainland China. The production process is strictly controlled and distribution is conducted by a dedicated logistics team across China, ensuring a stable supply and reliable quality.

INTERNATIONAL CERTIFICATION AND SAFETY GUARANTEE

Meet Fresh Global Headquarters and its central kitchen has achieved ISO 22000, ISO 9001, and HACCP certifications. The central kitchen in Taicang has achieved FSC 22000. Meet Fresh adopts cleanroom operation standards, a high-quality commercial water purification system, and an automated packaging system to ensure food safety and hygiene with stringent requirements from manufacturing to packaging.
